That sounds odd. Could you describe that problem in more detail?

No other customer has ever complained about this before. What is your system
configuration?

That sounds interesting. Tell me more...

I need a bit more information on that.

Have you checked that you do not have a dll conflict?

That is explained in the manual. Have you read the manual?

Your description is a bit wishy-washy. Have you got an expert there with
you who could describe this more precisely?

That's not a bug, it's a feature!

Could you elaborate on that?

crash, crashes,
Well, it never crashes on our system. It must have something
to do with your system. Tell me more about your configuration.

slow, 
I think this has to do with your hardware. Upgrading your processor
should solve all performance problems. Have you got a problem
with our software?
        
performance, 
Performance was quite adequate in all our tests. Are you running
any other processes in the background?

bug, buggy,
Well, you know, all software has some bugs. But our software
engineers are working very hard to fix them. Can you describe
the problem a bit further?

windows,
This is a known bug to do with the Windows operating system.
Please report it to Microsoft. There is nothing we can do
about this.

macintosh, 
This is a known bug to do with the Mac operating system. Please
report it to Apple. There is nothing we can do about this.

expensive, 
The cost of our product is quite competitive. Have you looked
around and really compared our features?

installation, 
The installation is really quite straight forward. We have tons of
wizards that do all the work for you. Have you read the
installation instructions?

memory, 
If you read the system requirements carefully, you will see that the
specified memory requirements are 1.5 giga byte. You really should
upgrade your memory. Anything else you want to know?

linux, 
We take Linux support very seriously. But there are some problems.
Most have to do with incompatible glibc versions. Can you be a bit
more precise?

bluej, 
Ahhh, BlueJ, yes. We tried to buy out those guys long ago, but they
simply won't sell... Stubborn people they are. Nothing we can
do about it, I'm afraid.

other, 
It's good to hear that you are not experiencing problems with the any
of the operating systems we are aware of. But, if your situation has
to do with how Java works, please refer to the Java documentation of
specific methods, clauses, etc.

mobile,
We are not capable of interacting with you on a mobile device.
This is something we should consider doing.

documentation,
Feel free to view the documentation found within this system.
This system has public access to all users!